Dr. Rafeeq A K





Dr. Rafeeq A.K is a highly skilled and experienced pediatrician with a passion for providing exceptional care to his young patients. He holds an MBBS degree from Al Ameen Medical college, Bijapur.Karnatak University and an MD in Pediatrics from JJM Medical College, Davanagare , Karnataka.

With years of experience in the field, Dr. Rafeeq has treated a wide range of pediatric conditions and illnesses. He is well-versed in managing common childhood ailments like colds, coughs, and fever, as well as more complex conditions like asthma, allergies, and neurological disorders. Dr. Rafeeq also specializes in providing care to newborns and infants, including routine check-ups and vaccinations.

As a pediatrician, Dr. Rafeeq is committed to creating a comfortable and supportive environment for his young patients and their families. He understands the unique challenges of caring for children and takes a compassionate and patient-centered approach to treatment. He is skilled in communicating with children and parents in a way that is clear and understandable, and always takes the time to answer questions and address concerns.

In addition to his clinical work, Dr. Rafeeq is actively involved in medical research and education. He has published several research papers in prominent medical journals and has presented his work at national and international conferences. He is also dedicated to mentoring and training young doctors and is committed to advancing the field of pediatric medicine. He is a member of the Indian academy pediatric, Member of Indian Medical Association, Member of National Neonatal Forum, Member of IMA AMS, Member of IAP Adolescent Chapter. He was successfully completed pediatric advance life support (PALS) training programme, NALS : Successfully completed Neonatal Advance Life support (NALS) programme. He was the scientific committee chairman for National Allergy & Immunology Conference (2019), Kerala State Pediatric Dermatology Conference (2018), and Kerala State Pediatric Pulmonology Conference (2018).Paediatric Gastroenterology conference (2022). He Conducted workshop for doctors in paediatric Endocrinology, Paediatric Dermatology etc. He attended IAP Regional workshop in science of vaccinology and selected as a district resource person for the Vaccinology. Contributed few topics in “Manual of Neonatology”, which is written by Dr. M.L Kulkarni, Professor and Head of Department of Pediatrics. The book is published by Jayapee Brothers, New Delhi, a leading medical book publishers in India. He was the secretary and President of Indian Medical Association (IMA) and Indian Academy of Paediatrics (IAP) at district branch, Resource Person for Diagnostic Stewardship program 2024 by National IAP.

Overall, Dr. Rafeeq A.K is a highly respected and trusted pediatrician with a passion for providing the highest quality care to his young patients. His expertise, compassion, and dedication to his patients and their families make him a valued member of the medical community.



			Profile details
Speciality
	Pediatrician
Degree
	MBBS, MD
Categories:
	Pediatric

